Send this are we're gonna see how you can customize their checkout page.
This is going to add some drugs and I'm going to hit for example Gladys blog these I saw so and so these
one and then I got you can see this working nice.
You can see that we have this couponing we're going to be a top a coupon coupon now you can see we have
these come looking nice and I'm going to click on price at the checkout so you can see we have something
a DS is really common that a lot of Web sites removed.
For example the sidebar and also they share and so therefore they're normally at this point.
They believe that the user has fine everything and they even want the user to see for example a block
entry.
Then they forgot to use they are buying something in the web site.
So what we're going to see how you can remove all their unnecessary content from these screen.
So I'm going to click here and then going back.
So here's we're going to remove these by the of these main navigation and you can see that we have these
and it's going to be the one these primary navigation so you have to start from primary navigation.
And if you're a little kid in the body you will find that we have these cameras check out glass.
So what are going to copy these.
But I copy everything Rohit
we're going to use some see Asus Cziko and we have another commercial checkout line we're going up in
Chrome and right here we have these is that from primary navigation with these glass or an app called
Biddy's and then going to display.
None.
So now remove that Cirilo these
and you can see is working is looking nice.
So for example you can click it on the page Halsall you get on that template you can use the file with
Temperley.
And I'm one of the these credos and you can see that we get rid of the cyber.
So now it is working better and you can see that we have this breadcrumb.
So it's a nice idea to keep the link to the comp age but we're going to sort of move this section right
here and going to inspect these and this section right here.
Is this secondary navigation on the site search.
We're going to copy these in a Akamai right here.
What combers check out secondary navigation of this site search Gomer's.
Check out site search.
We're going to save these and reload.
Now you can see that the interface is dimmer.
So why don't we have all of these for the and I think we can remove all the widgets.
You can see that we have this block and we have these for our widgets.
So we're going to use these when companies are widgets in going on a comer.
Newcomers check out.
And then for the widgets.
So everything is going to be highlighted in the checkout so closes in your you.
Now you can see that this looks more cleaner and of course you can't remove the section right here.
Instead of having the disease for it of colophon with this site.
So we're going I use our site for you instead of the widgets so we can reload these.
And then you can see this it looks more cleaner at this point.
So a good idea that the store finishes the process of buying their stuff and you don't want to have
blog entries or other products or something at this time.
They really need to finish everything.
So and then we're going to show you how to remove some of these fields in case you need to.
And that's one of common beliefs out loud some extra feels right here.